All right a very simple example here all create a new object which will name person and person will
have a name which is Max again and if you're getting bored you are free to choose whatever else you
want.
And then I'll tweet a proxy here I'll use the new keyword and then the proxy object the built in object
of course.
Now the proxy constructor expect two arguments the first one is to target.
Let's say that's the person object and the second one is the handler which contains the logic of our
proxies or the logic of a wrapper.
Now I find such a handler in the code here too.
So I will create a handler.
Of course the name is up to you.
And that's also a challenge to object as you can see.
Now this javascript object can define any of the available traps and you make for use 6 proxy to find
the article on the NBN.
And here you find all the available traps.
And as a test set that is simply the math you also saw in the reflect the FBI and now you might understand
why it is said that the reflector API works great together with the proxy or at least all those I understand
also showed that so I'll close that and I'll stick to the gets trapped for now.
But I will show a couple of our traps later too.
Not all of them but a couple of them.
So it gets trapped like this by specifying a field named Gatun providing a function and this function
actually takes two arguments a target and a name.
Now it takes the same arguments as to reflect API get method dead.
And that's true for all the trips.
So these sets trub for example would also take the name or de-valued to which you to set it and to get
chip of course has the optional third argument the receiver.
If you remember dead from the refl. API lesson.
So for now I'll stick to this and I'm basically check dead if I try to access a property which doesn't
exist on this person.
I want to return a dummy value.
Now here we are again in the field of metaprogramming.
That's great for your applications.
If you have some code where you don't know where to time you write decode which properties you might
try to access at runtime.
The proxy API and its traps can make sure that you kind of return a default value in case you access
a property which doesn't exist.
Instead of getting undefined.
So I'll do this here by simply returning a check or if name actually exists and target remember target
is just the object.
It's just a generic way of writing this but this is the object you're trying to access.
Asked as handler of course can be used on any object or just person.
So it is the object and name is the name of the property.
It has nothing to do with this name.
So I might replace that with age now that I think of it just to make this really distinct from each
other.
So that's the name of the property we tried to access on this target.
Therefore I'd check if this property exists on this target.
If it is the case then I will simply turn it like so soil X has it on the target this is the normal
square brackets notation to X's fields or properties on objects but at that.
If it doesn't exist then I want to return let's say 0 or are let's say non-existent whatever you want
some default value.
So back to the example now I created this handler and I can pass it here to my proxy as a second argument
which expect such a handler an object containing the logic for it as a proxy for this wrapper.
Now I can use this proxy like a U.S. Breezin object in this case directly.
I can try to access proxy page and I will do this by logging it out of course so cancel our proxy toward
age.
What do you expect to see if I now run with C-27 because H of course is a property this object person
has.
And therefore we're returning it.
That's what we're checking here.
Now let's say I tried to access proxy name the property name chest removed to not produce any confusion
here.
What do you think we now get if I run.
Well now I get my error message not existed because now we fail when we check if the object person has
this name.
So notice that I'm directly calling this on the proxy.
But since the proxy acts as a wrapper This is like calling it on the object itself.
But with that extra layer in between the extra layer containing several traps for example in this case
only one of course and that's also the difference to the default getters and setters.
With this handler you can use that on any object.
It's not bound to a certain class or anything like that.
You can use it on any object and it will always check if this property exists on an object that otherwise
gives you this default warning.
And there's always a great improvement.
Less code easier to maintain and more flexible.
So really really great thing here.
This gets trap and of course you can imagine doing similar things with the satrap